## Before you start

### Install Terraform                                                                       

Follow the official instructions here: https://www.terraform.io/intro/getting-started/install.html#installing-terraform

## AWS redentials

The Amazon Web Services (AWS) provider is used to interact with the many resources supported by AWS. 
The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

To provide your AWS credentials to Terraform and select the default AWS region to be used by it, please run:

    aws configure

and provide it with AWS access key, secret access key, default AWS region (e.g. us-east-1) and the output type (we suggest 'json').

## Basic Terraform Usage

The terraform init command is used to initialize a Terraform configuration. This is the first command 
that should be run for any new or existing Terraform configuration. It is safe to run this command multiple times.

    terraform init

The `terraform plan` command is used to create an execution plan. Terraform performs a refresh, unless 
explicitly disabled, and then determines what actions are necessary to achieve the desired state specified 
in the configuration files. The plan can be saved using -out, and then provided to terraform apply to ensure
that only the pre-planned actions are executed.

    terraform plan

The `terraform apply` command is used to apply the changes required to reach the
desired state of the configuration, or the pre-determined set of actions
generated by a terraform plan execution plan.

    terraform apply

`terraform apply` command will ask always you to type the AWS region that you want to execute the Terraform script at.
If you want Terraform to always provision all entities in the same region (say, us-east-1), 
please export the environment variables AWS_REGION and AWS_DEFAULT_REGION as below:

    export AWS_REGION=us-east-1
    export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=$AWS_REGION
    
That's all! No hidden knowledge or magic, bash scripts or complicated commands :)
Just Terraform.
Nothing more to learn here, let's start Terraforming!

Go to folder 'init-tf-state-bucket' and follow Readme there to setup the S3 bucket for your first Terraform state
